# SDLC

#How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
  -Interpreting user needs starts with the Product Owner and then works its way to the Development Team. Depending on the project, this could be a black and white answer or an        answer that requires innovation from the Development team. Creating user stores can put you into the user's shoes so you can figure out what kind of features you would want in    a project. For example, during this eight-week course, I created a user story that said, "As a user who is shopping for a bargain vacation, I would want a top-five list of "hot    deals" and recommendations for vacations that are based on my search history and user settings. 
   
#How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
  -Up to this point, I had not put much thought into how to approach developing programs; my primary approach was just throwing everything at the wall and seeing what stuck. Now I    think it is essential to consider it a much more three-dimensional way. For example, it would be more fruitful to approach developing programs just like a sprint with clearly      defined goals at the end of each sprint so that I can get more done and improve my attitude. Also, doing a retrospective on the work I've just accomplished and identifying        positive and negative principles I'm using could help as well.
  
#What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
  -I can think of three principles of being a good team member in softwar development, communication, unselfishness and hardwork. To be a good team member in software development    and especially Agile communication is a bedrock principle. For Agile to work the way it was designed, communication is critical. From this unselfishness flows because we should    be thinking of the team and the project for agile to work correctly. Getting bogged down in "my role" or personal squabbles can negatively affect the team.  Finally, hard work    is a universal principle that I don't think anyone would disagree with.   
